speak there moçada beauty who speaks and
frogs and today I bring another video to
that accompanies the channel that
finally after a few days without
post video and be able to heal the pain
health problem we throat
with one more video of injustices then
gods the hand giving us continuity in
series I 'm doing on the channel with a
video of combo of the characters I want
see if I can do all of them
I can not guarantee but I'm trying here.
just learned how to play low
cool with each of the characters to
do the combos and bring here show
for you with exclusive content there
in the channel
this time we have the how the combos of
Super man
This is a very cool character from
injustice even I found a little
overpowered to speak the truth because
I have a very high damage.
DNA sequences the sequences combos
hit
they actually take enough damage from
opponent and on the other hand he has no
many stream it does not have so much
stroke variation to be able to use
sequence for use in Congo and
it ends up that his gameplay or the
how are you guys seeing that every
new combo nor the number of hits
increases but is basically very similar
changes very little because this is
the main blow this blow that people
get up there and grab the character in the
in the air is practically the
like him to finish the
combo actually after the beach in giving
pressing r 2 for him to take a damage one
slightly larger or uneven is a good
a money stake a control for
back and square so that it can give a
ray in the air so basically with this the
combos of his are thus very much
similar but anyway this is fine
nice to play with the character he
As I said, he's got some damage as well.
high up and with the page you learn
make these debris when you
is playing online it playing against
opponents
they help a lot to achieve it
defeat the opponent and together with
these rubble
as he is an ex pm and is quite fast
His special, he can also
grab the air and face the special beyond
to be nice take a lot of damage so it's worth
It's really worth learning a little bit about
How does this character work?
do these as because during the
multiplayer match there will help
quite even practically this was a
very fast video to show the
such as superman
I should make other videos like myself
I talked about other guys other characters
the video is almost
end of these as special gives to
do as freezing the character in the
singing and using it is also the scenario
throwing him into another arena that
this is bringing damage to the opponent and is
well cool looks very beautiful it also gives
to use this with superman
so the video is practically
closing the crowd took advantage of
analyze who likes it, do not stop clicking
in like or add to favorites that
this helps a lot in the disclosure and for
to pass on to those guys who enjoy games
and see the videos on youtube beauty
so I'm closing down here until
next video earned hug